Hello,

This is our (the Thunderbots5604) readme file. If you are working on the code, please read this. It goes
over some guidelines for formatting our code for readability and file management.


FILE MANAGEMENT

We have a lot of different programs that we are developing simultaneously. Some of them, like TeleOpGamma,
are just for fun and practice. Others, like AutoColorRed, are there for competition use. We want to keep
things organized in a few folders so that it is easier to find the programs that we want to edit. This also
allows us to stay organized while keeping programs that are not currently being used.

The first group of programs is the loose files that are just located in teamcode. This space should be
reserved only for programs that we will use during the official competition runs of the robots.

A second group of programs are those found in the Archived folder. These programs are no longer used, but
we want to keep a record of them for later use. This is always on Github, but it is more convenient for
programmers to be able to access them without pulling. As such, instead of deleting a file or its contents,
if a programmer wishes to get rid of a program or start it from scratch, they should instead copy the file
and rename it *OLD.java where the * is the original file name. Then, they should move that copy into the
archived folder.

The third grouping for programs is the Testing and Weird Stuff folder. As the name suggests, any programs
that are not used actively in a competition but are important to calibrate encoders or other sensors should
be placed into this folder. Also, programs that are functional but not used in competitions should be placed
here, such as the aforementioned TeleOpGamma.

Please use your best judgement when choosing which place to put your files.

CODE FORMATTING

We are now going to use a much more standardized approach to our code formatting. First off, there should be
the normal tabbing for loops and conditionals, where each level in one of them increases the tab count by 1.
Secondly, there should be spaces in most expressions, like x = 3 + 2 instead of x=3+2. This applies to
variable assignment and testing and other places where similar expressions would be used. Most importantly,
all code should be commented for readability. There should be an introduction that explains what the code
does between the imports and the actual body of the code. This can be applied to large sections of code as
well. When doing something like this, there should be a line break before and after the comment. Secondly,
for small chunks of code (1-4 lines usually) there should be a comment with a space before it but not
between that comment and the code it is describing. Both of these comment types should be used on all the
programs for readability.

Thanks,
Jack K. Correy, Co-Captain of Programming